Petite Canvas Sparrow

medium

# If the LPer becomes blacklisted for particular holdTokens like USDC,USDT, then liquidation of related position will not be possible
## Summary
The liquidation/repayment process includes function [_restoreLiquidity](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/LiquidityManager.sol#L223), which in the end [returns ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/LiquidityManager.sol#L315) proper amount of `holdToken` to the liquidity owner (creditor). It may happen, that a liquidity provider becomes blacklisted by some popular tokens traded on Uniswapv3 like `USDT` or `USDC`. If that happens, it will be impossible to repay or liquidate position that relies on that user's liquidity.


## Vulnerability Detail
Assume at some point a LPer is blacklisted by USDC or USDT token which means his address cannot transfer or receive these tokens anymore. Since the `_restoreLiquidity` works as a loop that iterates over liquidities, a single revert will cause the loop to fail too, and additional debt will be incured until the owner of the LP does not transfer his NFT to a non-blacklisted address to be able to receive the `holdToken` upon repayments - which may take time until he realizes (if he realizes). This is because all repayments happen in a loop within [_restoreLiquidity](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/LiquidityManager.sol#L230) which at the end transfers the `holdToken` to the LP owner. if `holdToken` happens to be blacklistable (as per the description of the contest protocol is to work with all ERC20 except rebase/fee-on-transfer), like `USDT` or `USDC`, then the transfer will revert, and so will whole loop, making `repay()` impossible. 

## Impact
Borrowers may suffers increased debt, and even a bad debt may incur with time, until the blacklisted LPer is not reachable for transfers again - which relies only on his reaction in this case. In edge scenario, he may not react at all and paralyze the repayments/liquidations for those tokens.

## Code Snippet
[This](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/LiquidityManager.sol#L306) and [this](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/LiquidityManager.sol#L315) line.
```solidity
            address creditor = underlyingPositionManager.ownerOf(loan.tokenId);
           [...]
            Vault(VAULT_ADDRESS).transferToken(cache.holdToken, creditor, liquidityOwnerReward);
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider using either a separate contract (escrow-like) to distribute funds, so the liquidation does not rely on the liquidity owner to successfully receive their funds. Such contract, or routine, may perform distribution of funds to owner in a separate function, for example in a failsafe loop, using `pendingRecipients` as calldata to feed into a transfer loop, which will return just who succeeded or not and allowing to repeat operation if needed, while the funds to be sent will be accounted elsewhere but over all the repayment could be market as completed instead of being stopped.
