Dandy Taupe Barracuda

high

# takeOverDebt function assigns loans and adds keys to the previous borrowing key, not the new one
## Summary
A main goal of the `LiquidityBorrowingManager.takeOverDebt()` function is to transfer ownership of the debt to a function caller if the caller pays collateral  for the undercollateralized position. The position's transfer happens at `_addKeysAndLoansInfo()` function. However, the argument for the function is not the `newBorrowingKey`, but the old one from which the position should be transferred from.
## Vulnerability Detail
`takeOverDebt()` function takes a `borrowingKey` as its input which is then used to remove the borrowing key from the storage and to delete all information associated with it in a corresponding call to the `_removeKeysAndClearStorage()` function. Then, an initialization of a borrowing happens at the `_initOrUpdateBorrowing()` function, which returns a `newBorrowingKey` to which the ownership of a position should be assigned. However, the `_addKeysAndLoansInfo()` function does not use it.
```solidity
_removeKeysAndClearStorage(oldBorrowing.borrower, borrowingKey, oldLoans);
        // Initialize a new borrowing using the same saleToken, holdToken
        (
            uint256 feesDebt,
            bytes32 newBorrowingKey,
            BorrowingInfo storage newBorrowing
        ) = _initOrUpdateBorrowing(
                oldBorrowing.saleToken,
                oldBorrowing.holdToken,
                accLoanRatePerSeconds
            );
        // Add the new borrowing key and old loans to the newBorrowing
        _addKeysAndLoansInfo(newBorrowing.borrowedAmount > 0, borrowingKey, oldLoans); //@audit
```
Since borrowing keys are hashes of msg.sender's address and tokens, the ownership stays with the previous owner. This means that the caller of the function loses his collateral by repaying the debt for the loan which should be transferred to him but which instead stays with the previous owner.
## Impact
Loss of funds.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L429-L441
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L921
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Pass the `newBorrowingKey` as an argument to `_addKeysAndLoansInfo()`
```solidity
_addKeysAndLoansInfo(newBorrowing.borrowedAmount > 0, newBorrowingKey, oldLoans);
```