Ancient Frost Albatross

medium

# Misuse of Old Borrowing key instead of New Key in takeOverDebt Function
## Summary


The function `takeOverDebt` seems to mistakenly use the `borrowingKey` (which is the old key) instead of the expected `newBorrowingKey` in the `_addKeysAndLoansInfo` method. This can lead to unexpected behavior and potential DoS vulnerabilities, as the platform relies on a specific key format.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `takeOverDebt` is responsible for managing borrowing positions. During its execution, a new borrowing position is initialized or updated using the `_initOrUpdateBorrowing` function, which returns a new borrowing key (`newBorrowingKey`). However, subsequent actions are performed using the old borrowing key (`borrowingKey`), leading to inconsistencies in data storage and retrieval.

Specifically, in the line:

```solidity
_addKeysAndLoansInfo(newBorrowing.borrowedAmount > 0, borrowingKey, oldLoans);
```
The borrowingKey (old key) is used instead of the newBorrowingKey. Given that the platform expects keys in the format:
borrowingKey = Keys.computeBorrowingKey(msg.sender, saleToken, holdToken);
This inconsistency can lead to unexpected behavior, data corruption, or potential denial-of-service vulnerabilities.

## Impact

The mismanagement of borrowing keys can lead to:

- Inaccurate tracking of borrowing positions.
- Potential data corruption, making certain positions inaccessible.
- Potential DoS attacks if an adversary can manipulate or predict key generation.
- User mistrust due to unpredictable platform behavior.

The impact is high, especially for users who can only use the front-end portal to execute the trades.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L441
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update the takeOverDebt function to use the newBorrowingKey in the _addKeysAndLoansInfo method :
```solidity
_addKeysAndLoansInfo(newBorrowing.borrowedAmount > 0, newBorrowingKey, oldLoans);
```