Petite Canvas Sparrow

high

# Hardcoded precision is not suitable for all tokens, resulting in unfavorable calculations both for the users and the protocol
## Summary
As per the contest specification, protocol is planning to work with any ERC20 tokens (excluding fee-on-transfer or rebasing which is not the case here). Even limiting the tokens to ones that are commonly traded on UniswapV3, there are some tokens that have non-18 decimals like `USDC`, `USDT` (6), or `WTBC` (8) - and they are commonly used ones (even protocol's unit tests contain `WBTC` symbol as an example). Multiple funds processing operations rely on `COLLATERAL_BALANCE_PRECISION` equal to `1e18` which have unwanted effects on tokens with less decimals that still can be used with the protocol (see details for more information).

## Vulnerability Detail
Normally, using one unit of token with 18 decimals and later dividing it by 1e18 gives one wei. But if the token has less decimals, dividing one unit of it by `1e18` returns zero, which may have unspecified effect on the protocol. Analogically, multiplying some fraction of value by `1e18` will cause to return a signifinactly larger value in case of low-decimal tokens. The `Code snippet` section contains detailed explanation of exemplary occurences.

## Impact
Users using low-decimal collateral tokens such as `WBTC`, `USDT`, `USDC` may suffer extremely high rates due to precision being not scaled to proper decimals which may cause their collateral to burn instantly due to unreal interest rates. For the protocol, the fees in those tokens, when calculated by dividing by `1e18`, will always be zero, which means protocol will not get fees off them. In short, for common low-decimal tokens the protocol is not usable.


## Code Snippet
Exemplary occurences and their effect if low-decimal tokens are used instead:

1.  Handling fees. [collectProtocol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L184) 

```solidity
uint256 amount = platformsFeesInfo[token] / Constants.COLLATERAL_BALANCE_PRECISION;
```
For example here, `1 WBTC = 1_00_000_000 wbtc wei`. If there is `1 WBTC` balance, this will return zero. only if there is at least `1e18 wbtc wei`, that is, `1e10 WBTC`, which is unlikely to happen as its too large value, this will return `1`. Similar situation will happen with `USDC` or `USDC`.

2. Collateral rate - for example [checkDailyRateCollateral](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L233) and function [_getDebtInfo](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L987) that is called inside.

```solidity
        if (collateralBalance > 0) {
            uint256 everySecond = (
                FullMath.mulDivRoundingUp(
                    borrowing.borrowedAmount,
                    currentDailyRate * Constants.COLLATERAL_BALANCE_PRECISION,
                    1 days * Constants.BP
                )
            );
```
Here, the `currentDailyRate` can be at least `MIN_DAILY_RATE = 5` as defined by `Constants.sol` and it is enforced in [updateHoldTokenDailyRate](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L211), so even owner cannot set otherwise. 

Consider this calculation for borrowed `1000USDT` (6 decimals):

```text
borrowing.borrowedAmount = 1000
currentDailyRate = 5
Constants.COLLATERAL_BALANCE_PRECISION = 1e18 (or 1 followed by 18 zeros)
1 days in Solidity is equivalent to the number of seconds in a day, which is 86400.
Constants.BP = 10000
```
result in `ceil((borrowing.borrowedAmount * currentDailyRate * Constants.COLLATERAL_BALANCE_PRECISION) / (1 days * Constants.BP))` = `5_000_787_037_037_037_038` which in 18 decimals is equal 5 (lossing the precision). But in case of USDC, it is an unreal value of 5_000_787_037_037 USDC rate per second (the latter value divided by 1e6).
So any place where collateral rate is calculated with multiplications, for 8 decimals tokens, it will be 1e10 times too high.


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not use hardcoded precision, instead adjust it to processed tokens e.g. using `decimals()` value or limit the protocol to be used only with whitelisted, 18 decimals tokens.
