Early Blush Yak

high

# Attacker Can use `Repay` to make trading profits off Liquidity Lender
## Summary

Attacker can push the price of a uniswap pool away from the oracle price, force a creditor to deposit liquidity and then sell through that extra liquidity to drain tokens from the creditor.

## Vulnerability Details

Preliminary: The best way to understand this exploit is that a uniswap position is equivalent a series of 1bps apart limit orders. When the ticks are above the price, they are limit buy orders, and below the price, they are limit sell orders. When the price crosses a tick, one token is converted to another and the sell order is converted to a buy order, or vice versa.

When a loan is repaid, a the liquidity in a uniswap v3 position is increased through the `_restoreLiquidity`.

1. Let's say that the current price in a uniswap v3 pool is at the fair price. The attacker has borrowed from a Real Wagmi LP position.
2. The attacker makes a buy order through the uniswap pool which manipulates the price upwards. The new price should exceed the `upperTick` of the liquidity position which has been loaned
3. The attacker calls `repay` which repays their loan and also adds liquidity back to the pool.
4. Attacker tokens back through the uniswap pool, pushing the pool back into its original price

This can all be done in one block.

During step 2, where the attacker bought tokens, they bought tokens for a price higher than the fair price.

During step 4, when the attacker sold tokens, they sold at a price higher than the fair price.

Since liquidity was added during step 3, they sold more overpriced tokens than the bought, therefore making a profit.

The profit comes directly from the lender who loses money by suffering artificially genenrated impermanant loss from the price manipulation.

## Impact

Loss of funds for liquidity creditor.
Trading profits for attacker.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/LiquidityManager.sol#L223-L321

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`Repay` should revert when the Uniswap TWAP oracle price and spot price differ by a certain threshold (such as `+/- 10%`). This prevents  is similar to the concept of price bands in leveraged exchanges.