Itchy Canvas Cricket

high

# Anyone can block any borrowing
## Summary

The LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol smart contract in the Real Wagmi project has a vulnerability that can lead to a situation where no one can borrow a specific ERC20 token. It works with any ERC20 token.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol smart contract, specifically in the borrow function, there is a check on `borrowingCollateral `. The relevant code snippet is as follows:
```solidity
uint256 borrowingCollateral = cache.borrowedAmount - cache.holdTokenBalance;
(borrowingCollateral > params.maxCollateral).revertError(ErrLib.ErrorCode.TOO_BIG_COLLATERAL);
```
The `borrowingCollateral` variable is calculated as the difference between the borrowed amount and `cache.holdTokenBalance`. `cache.holdTokenBalance` is equivalent to the balance of the `params.holdToken` token held by the contract. In a normal world, this is equivalent to the tokens the contract just received by the position used here. Since anyone can send ERC20 tokens to this contract, an attacker can manipulate `cache.holdTokenBalance` by sending an amount of the `params.holdToken` token to the contract directly. This manipulation can result in `cache.holdTokenBalance` being larger than `cache.borrowedAmount`, causing the transaction and all the next one to revert.

To PoC this vulnerability, in the test file WagmiLeverageTests.ts, we just need to modify [this line](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/test/WagmiLeverageTests.ts#L111)
```solidity
[owner.address, alice.address, bob.address, aggregatorMock.address],
```
by
```solidity
[owner.address, alice.address, bob.address, aggregatorMock.address, borrowingManager.address],
```
By this modification, we also send tokens to the smart contract. Then all the tests (run `npx hardhat test`) when someone borrows (and logically then other actions after borrowing) fail.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is significant. An attacker can effectively prevent anyone from borrowing the specific `params.holdToken` token. Moreover, the cost is not high since `borrowingCollateral` is normally not very high (in some cases it is equal to 1).

## Code Snippet
The vulnerability comes from this line: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L869-L872

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Call the `balanceOf ` function of the token at the beginning of the borrow function. When computing `cache.holdTokenBalance`, compare it to the previous balance.
2. Add a function allowing to withdraw ERC20 tokens of this contract (and not in the vault!). Because the balance should be empty, in case of receipt, someone should be able to withdraw it.