Colossal Tan Hyena

medium

# Exchange operations on Uniswap V3 are susceptible to front-running
## Summary
The protocol calls the Uniswap V3 swap function internally to convert the sale token into the hold token. This operation may be vulnerable to front-running, where malicious actors monitor the transaction pool for conversions taking place at specific price points, add liquidity to the Uniswap V3 pool at those price levels, and then withdraw the liquidity after the borrower's conversion, effectively profiting from transaction fees.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the  `LiquidityBorrowingManager._precalculateBorrowing()` function , the protocol may call the Uniswap V3 swap function internally to convert the "sale token" into the "hold token." However, this action could potentially lead to front-running.
```solidity
 cache.holdTokenBalance += _v3SwapExactInput(
                    v3SwapExactInputParams({
                        fee: params.internalSwapPoolfee,
                        tokenIn: params.saleToken,
                        tokenOut: params.holdToken,
                        amountIn: saleTokenBalance,
                        amountOutMinimum: 0
                    })
                );

```

A borrower within a protocol intends to swap a "sale token" for a "hold token" using Uniswap V3's swap function as part of a borrowing operation. This transaction may be visible on the blockchain before it's confirmed.
Malicious actors closely monitor pending transactions and recognize when this specific transaction occurs at a particular price range or tick on Uniswap V3.
The front-runners quickly respond by adding liquidity to the Uniswap V3 pool in the tick range relevant to the borrower's swap.
The borrower's transaction is confirmed, and the swap takes place as planned. However, the liquidity added by the front-runners becomes available, resulting in an immediate profit for them.
The front-runners profit from fees generated by the borrower's swap, as they provided the liquidity for it. They can subsequently remove their added liquidity, leaving with the earned fees and, potentially, a share of the liquidity pool.

## Impact
The swap operation may be vulnerable to front-running.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L886-L893

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
