Quiet Sage Wren

high

# LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol - missing platform payments
## Summary
The entire service offered by the smart contract includes not only fees owed for borrowing, but also platform fees, which are paid to the protocol. There is a flaw when integrating the fee collection, since the protocol fees are never actually sent to the protocol, before they get subtracted from a user's owed fees.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function ``_pickUpPlatformFees()`` is responsible for collecting and tracking the protocol fees in a storage variable. Once the fees are picked up, whenever the function is invoked the value is subtracted from the user's fees to reflect only the fees they owe for they position. The problem arises from the fact that these values are never actually sent to the vault or anywhere, every time a payment is made, it is only after the protocol fees have been subtracted, essentially getting left unpaid. 
This is an even bigger problem, accounting for the fact that there is a function responsible for collecting these fees by the owner, meaning that tokens can be withdrawn from the vault, which have never been sent to it, potentially DoS-ing any larger repayment attempts, since there would not be enough funds to cover for the user withdrawal.
A potential scenario could be:
1. There are a lot of users that accumulate protocol fees, which never get paid.
2. The owner withdraws set fees, the transaction succeeds since there are enough tokens in the vault due to the high user count.
3. A whale user, or in the worse case even a regular user, tries to repay a larger amount, but since the owner withdrew a part of the available tokens in the vault, the transaction would fail, potentially leading to a liquidation scenario.

## Impact
Protocol insolvency, DoS, loss of user funds and bad UX

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L915-L956
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L395-L453
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L967-L974
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L184-L197

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There are several ways this token payment could be done like tracking the sender during fee pickup and executing the payment, or subtracting protocol fees from the user's owed variable AFTER the payment occurs.
