Sneaky Orchid Lemur

medium

# Unuseful external swap when trying to execute `repay()` function by liquidator/lender
## Summary

The protocol has two ways to perform a swap (Uniswap and external swap), but the external swap option will throw an error every time the liquidator/lender try to repay a position.

## Vulnerability Detail

The trader has two options to exchange their tokens: they can use Uniswap or a third-party exchange. The regular flow is that a borrower call `borrow()` and if for any reason the position needs to be liquidated, they (lender/liquidator) has the same options to exchange the tokens.

But, the external swap cannot be used when they call the `repay()` function, it never worked, because the calculation of `amountOut` when subtracting liquidity is poorly designed.

```solidity
amountOut = _getBalance(tokenOut) - balanceOutBefore;
```
[contracts/abstract/ApproveSwapAndPay.sol#169](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/ApproveSwapAndPay.sol#L169)

`balanceOutBefore` will always be greater than `_getBalance(tokenOut)` because the balance goes down when the swap is successful. If this is attempted it will throw an error, as the result will always be negative and `amountOut` is declared as `uint256`.




## Impact

* External swap option (i.e. 1inch, Sushiswap) is never available. The main functionality is broken.
* Also, anyone trying to use an external exchange loses the gas used.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/ApproveSwapAndPay.sol#L169

## Tool used

* Manual Review
* Foundry

## Recommendation
Ensure correct calculation of `amountOut` within the `_patchAmountsAndCallSwap()` function. When any user calls the `borrow()` and `repay()` functions for an external swap.