Sneaky Orchid Lemur

high

# Lack of slippage protection can lead to a significant loss of user funds
## Summary
The protocol interacts with Uniswap, but the parameters were configured incorrectly by default without slippage protection, giving rise to MEV bot attacks.

## Vulnerability Detail

The main functions are `borrow()` and `repay()` which are available to the user. If a user wants to give a loan the `borrow()` function: `_precalculateBorrowing()` is called, then `_extractLiquidity()` and finally `_decreaseLiquidity()`.

When `_decreaseLiquidity()` is called, the protocol interacts with Uniswap but `amount0Min: 0` and `amount1Min: 0` are set to 0. This means that it is the minimum amount that the person accepts when the exchange is made. liquidity, would be the expected tokens.

```solidity
INonfungiblePositionManager.DecreaseLiquidityParams({
                tokenId: tokenId,
                liquidity: liquidity,
                amount0Min: 0,
                amount1Min: 0,
                deadline: block.timestamp
            })
```
The result goes for a final check:
```solidity
 if (amount0 == 0 && amount1 == 0) {
            revert InvalidBorrowedLiquidity(tokenId);
        }
```
But this is not enough, one of the two values can be zero, close to zero or both close to zero. And there is no other validation for these results.

This loss of funds is possible in the case of a Sandwich attack.


## Impact
A malicious attack can decrease the expected amount of token expected when extract their liquidity. Bringing losses to the user.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/LiquidityManager.sol#L356-L358


## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use parameters `amount0Min `, `amount1Min ` and `deadline` correctly to avoid loss of funds.
https://uniswapv3book.com/docs/milestone_3/slippage-protection/#slippage-protection-in-swaps