Smooth Honeysuckle Sawfish

high

# Uniswap callback is incorrectly protected
## Summary
callback functions in Uniswap V3 are not properly protected and cause this function to always revert.

## Vulnerability Detail
## Uniswap callback is incorrectly protected
Considering that callback functions in Uniswap v2 or v3 are dangerous and must be properly protected, if this is not done, a malicious person can do things such as stealing money depending on the conditions.

Each callback must be validated to verify that the call originated from a genuine V3 pool. Otherwise, the pool contract would be vulnerable to attack via an EOA manipulating the callback function.

In the ApproveSwapAndPay.sol contract, authorization is done incorrectly for the uniswapV3SwapCallback function at all, and this is very dangerous.

A malicious person creates malicious contract and passes arbitrary data which calls the malicious contract.

The malicious Pool calls back the ApproveSwapAndPay.uniswapV3SwapCallback function by swapping and considering that authentication is done incorrectly here, it can easily steal users' assets and funds.

## Unsafe downcast

When a type is downcast to a smaller type, the higher order bits are truncated, effectively applying a modulo to the original value. Without any other checks, this wrapping will lead to unexpected behavior and bugs

Solidity does not check if it is safe to cast an integer to a smaller one. Unless some business logic ensures that the downcasting is safe, a library like [SafeCast](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/utils/math/SafeCast.sol) should be used.

### According to these two introductions:

The computePoolAddress() function is implemented incorrectly and occurs in the Unsafe downcast bug, and eventually the calculations and the result of the function will be wrong.

As a result of this mistake, the check performed in the uniswapV3SwapCallback function to compare Pool Address and msg.sender will not be established and this function will probably always revert.


## Impact
A miscalculation in the computePoolAddress() function causes Unsafe downcast and the output of this function is used as an authentication mechanism on the uniswapV3SwapCallback function, which leads to a wrong result and finally the uniswapV3SwapCallback function always reverts.

But in theory, it is possible to consider a case where the malicious person finds arguments that the output of the computePoolAddress function is equal to msg.sender by checking a lot.  In this case a malicious person can write uniswapV3SwapCallback in such a way that a callback is made by swapping and implement the process of stealing tokens and assets of other users in this function.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/ApproveSwapAndPay.sol?plain=1#L242-L258
```solidity
    function uniswapV3SwapCallback(
        int256 amount0Delta,
        int256 amount1Delta,
        bytes calldata data
    ) external {
        (amount0Delta <= 0 && amount1Delta <= 0).revertError(ErrLib.ErrorCode.INVALID_SWAP); // swaps entirely within 0-liquidity regions are not supported

        (uint24 fee, address tokenIn, address tokenOut) = abi.decode(
            data,
            (uint24, address, address)
        );
        (computePoolAddress(tokenIn, tokenOut, fee) != msg.sender).revertError(
            ErrLib.ErrorCode.INVALID_CALLER
        );
        uint256 amountToPay = amount0Delta > 0 ? uint256(amount0Delta) : uint256(amount1Delta);
        _pay(tokenIn, address(this), msg.sender, amountToPay);
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/ApproveSwapAndPay.sol?plain=1#L278-L279
```solidity
            uint160(
                uint256(
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix the problem, you can use the verifyCallback function
```solidity
CallbackValidation.verifyCallback(factory, tokenIn, tokenOut, fee);
```

This line defers the validation of the LP address (which should equal msg.sender) to the [CallbackValidation](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/main/contracts/libraries/CallbackValidation.sol) library. The function verifyCallback executes this code:
```solidity
pool = IUniswapV3Pool(PoolAddress.computeAddress(factory, poolKey));
require(msg.sender == address(pool));
```
Where [PoolAddress](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/main/contracts/libraries/PoolAddress.sol) is another library.

The computeAddress function executes this somewhat complex check:
```solidity
    function computeAddress(address factory, PoolKey memory key) internal pure returns (address pool) {
        require(key.token0 < key.token1);
        pool = address(
            uint256(
                keccak256(
                    abi.encodePacked(
                        hex'ff',
                        factory,
                        keccak256(abi.encode(key.token0, key.token1, key.fee)),
                        POOL_INIT_CODE_HASH
                    )
                )
            )
        );
    }
```

Or you can use the [SafeCast](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/utils/math/SafeCast.sol) library to prevent Unsafe downcast.